so hello everybody uh I have finally
found a way to fix this error that
people have been having I've gone on two
forms and I finally fixed it because all
you have to do okay the UM it's called
the fail to start app unknown error a
thing that people been having and it's
not I haven't really found anybody on
YouTube or on forums that's been able to
fix it so I just decided you know what
who knows steam best and I contacted
steam support and they sent me this so
I'm just going to go through and show
everybody how to do this on Windows XP
Vista 7 and 8 sorry Mac users sorry
Linux users actually Macs and Linux
users just read this just read this
really quick pause the video and read it
and there you go so pretty much what you
got to do is step one is just completely
exit the steam client now I didn't do
that because I've already fixed this
that I don't want to go through the
trouble of doing it again step one
completely exit the steam client step
two
open run now I don't know it tells you
right here how to open run Windows key +
R but if you have run somewhere else
like me you can just go like this um
after that you're going to want to type
steam : - slash slash flush config then
press ENTER and you'll come up with the
steam login don't do anything don't
login just restart your computer just
from there so go to restart and click
that
um after that you're going to want to go
into your folder wherever you have steam
program files 8086 is usually where it
is go to steam click go to go to the
steam file click steam exe or just steam
click it click it and run it and after
that it's going to want you to log in
and then you're done
so yeah and then you'll and then you'll
come up like this this is still not
fixed afterwards you will have to verify
game catch files so again for Windows XP
users uh actually forum whatever for Mac
& Linux users I'm not sure it's not on
here but for XP users read that I don't
have XP so I'm not going to show you
Vista 7 or 8 users completely exit steam
level you have to actually click exit
but right click on the shortcut that you
use to launch steam so I have mine right
here and then click and run as
administrator and that will bring you to
the login page and then you go to
whatever game you want whatever game is
fucking up you go you click properties
go to local files verify integrity of
game catch now I'm click that and it'll
take maybe 2 to 5 minutes it took me
like 5 minutes for tf2
it might take less time for smaller
games like quake or something I don't
know quake usually works for me though
and after that
after you're done doing all of that
restart your computer two times
everything I just showed you it'll work
and you can trust me because I got this
email directly from steam support if you
don't believe me try it out for yourself
and if it doesn't work dislike the shit
out of this video and say didn't work
new kill yourself or some shit like that
whatever you want anything to show
people that this doesn't work even
though it does if it doesn't work I
don't know what your problem is but it
worked for me and this is the only way I
could find it to work so I hope this
helped you
I'm fritter and first tutorial video by
the way it's kind of weird I kind of
just wanted to show this to everybody
because I saw a bunch of people freaking
out over it so anyway uh I'm frittering
I'll see you later thanks